Doctor Colress (Main Villain)
The Player Starts in a certain house 

Colress talks to the player immediately after they leave the house and says,
"Nice to meet you, I am Doctor Colress, but you may call me Colress. 
I have been studying Pokemon my entire life, and I believe I may have finally discovered how to make them all reach their full potential."
"Anyway, Enough about me, I wanted to give you a special partner to fill your adventure and fuel your drive for Pokemon!"
"Go ahead, choose one, I incist!"

This is where the player obtains either (Eevee, Vulpix, or Zorua which is level 10 so that the player may roam around in the demo,
and 10 Pokeballs, 10 Great Balls, and 10 Ultra Balls).

"I have come to this town in search of the 5 mythicals! 
According to the citizens of this town, Manaphy, Darkrai, Heatran, Landorus, and Thundurus have been spotted inside the regions surrounding the town."
"It was nice meeting you, but I must go now."

This is where colress disappears off the screen.

To continue this quest, the player must talk to him again.


You then find him again in the forest region.
Talk to him to initiate the convo,
"It's here somewhere; I swear it is.
Oh! If it isn't the trainer from earlier.
Have you come in search of the mythical Pokemon that lives in this forest too?"
"Well.. Regardless if you are or not, I will find it first."

He then walks to the opposite corner of the forest.
Talk to him to initiate the convo,

"Hmm... I see its tracks here... Through the power of sience I will locate these Pokemon!"
He then leaves and goes to the cave

"Hahaha! It's been far too long, but it still works.
I have a theory, Pokemon brain waves are divided into four groups, they are alpha waves, beta waves, gamma waves, and delta waves.
Through the power of science I was able to suppress the alpha waves while amplifying the gamma and delta waves.
By doing this, I am capable of controlling and increasing the power of the pokemon to maximum potential."

This is where N walks in.
He then says,
"I can't allow selfish humans to abuse Pokemon."

Colress then replies with,
"If it isn't the freak without a human heart."

N then says,
"I will not allow you to hurt Pokemon any longer!"

They battle and then colress loses.

before he leaves he says, 
"It seems you haven't changed fallen King. I will retreat for now. Farewell..."

He then leaves


N then says,
"I just can't stand people who use Pokemon for their own selfish gain.
Oh yeah, I forgot to give you this!"

The player then receives a Fennekin.

N then says,
"I have had this Pokemon for a very long time, but it seems to have wanted to be yours ever since it first saw you."
"Farewell, I hope we meet again!"

N Then walks off the screen.

You then find N at the ocean after this.
Talk to him to initate the conversation.

He then says,
“Colress used to be apart of a villainous organization known as Team Plasma which should have disbanded years ago...
Why did he call me the Fallen King? "

"...."

"The truth is... I was raised to be the King of Team Plasma by a man named Ghetsis,
but the type of world Team Plasma desired wasn't the type of world I still yearn for to this day.”
"It seems I was too naive... I believed Team Plasma had fully disbanded after the great incident that happened long ago, 
but it seems they have returned to wreck more havoc on both Pokemon and Humans alike."

He then walks off the screen

